---
layout: post
title: Kitten!
published: true
tags:
  - cat
  - photos
---

I think the title [says it all][].

{% flickr 5749307645 %}
<!-- more -->

I found him on Wednesday while on my way to the laundry room at my 
apartment complex. I walked past where he was hiding and heard him 
meow, but didn't see anything, so I kept walking; he meowed again, so I 
turned around, and he walked right up to me. He didn't object at all to 
being picked up and carried back up to my apartment, and I set him down 
in a box in my living room so I could run out to the store for kitten 
food and litter. He was meowing loudly when I got back, and started 
purring right away when I picked him up.

{% flickr 5749854054 %}

A small box with food, water, and a litter box, and a towel to curl up 
on, was all I could offer him for accommodations, but he didn't 
complain, and mostly wanted to sleep for the rest of the day. He 
seemed healthy enough when I first brought him in—not emaciated, or 
outwardly obviously ill—but after having a few good meals and a comfy 
place to sleep, he became much more playful and energetic over the next 
few days.

{% flickr 5749307899 %}

Warming up to me, on the other hand, didn't take very long at all. He 
took very quickly to sitting on my lap while I'm at my desk, and he 
likes attacking my arms and feet while playing and pouncing around on 
the bed. I do have to put him back in his box sometimes, when he gets 
too rowdy or when I go out or am going to bed, and sometimes he does 
complain about it with a very high, squeaky meow, if he still wants to 
play or snuggle. But when he's tired out enough, he'll pass out 
wherever he's sitting, however awkward it might look.

{% flickr 5749310053 %}

I modified his box with a trapdoor so I could put it on my bed, where 
he could run and play and still be able to eat and drink when he needed 
to, but I had to get out a bigger box for him anyway when he figured 
out how to climb out of the first one. And I couldn't let him play on 
the bed by himself, even for just a minute while I went in the other 
room, once he was strong and confident enough to jump off the bed onto 
the floor. Needing to keep a close eye on him to keep him out of 
trouble is a good sign: it means he's a normal, strong, healthy kitten; 
he's still getting there, but it feels every day like I need to watch 
him even more carefully.

{% flickr 5749855478 %}

He was probably born to one of the many feral cats that live in the 
area around campus, and got separated from his mother and litter 
somewhere right around my apartment complex. He's also still very 
small, probably only about six weeks old; old enough to be away from 
his mother and eat solid kibble, but still young enough to take well to 
being domesticated—and that he may not have survived much longer on 
his own. I won't be able to take him with me when I leave in two weeks 
for my ten-week-long internship in Florida, so he'll be staying in my 
old bedroom at my parents' house, where I'll be taking him tomorrow 
(and spending a few days at home for my own well-being and mental 
health, before coming back up to Tempe to get everything moved out of 
my apartment).

{% flickr 5749855882 %}

Right now, though, I'm spending as much time as I can playing with him 
and giving him as much freedom to play and explore as I can allow while 
keeping him safe and supervised, and he seems very happy and 
comfortable with having good food and a warm bed and someone to play 
with; it's tiring, but fulfilling, and is certainly good practice for 
when I become a father and will have children of my own to raise. While 
in Tucson, I'll be taking him to the vet for a checkup; and while I'm 
pretty sure it's a "he," I don't know for certain, so I haven't decided 
on a name yet; but I have decided I want to keep him, and will do 
whatever is necessary to accommodate him wherever I move into for the 
fall semester.

{% flickr 5749856328 %}

But regardless of all of that, I think he's decided he wants to keep me.

{% flickr 5749853472 %}

[says it all]: http://www.flickr.com/photos/jbhannah/sets/72157626784508774/
